<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
                xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
                template="/WEB-INF/template/template.xhtml"
                xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
                xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
                xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui">

    <ui:define name="content" >

        <ui:param name="restRoot" value="#{request.scheme}://#{request.serverName}:#{request.serverPort}#{request.contextPath}#{msgs.restURIbase}" />    

        <div class="userManual">
            <h1> CiG: Application Programming Interface</h1>

            <h3>Introduction</h3>
            <p>
                #{msgs.title} application evaluates the performance of algorithms to detect cycles in graphs.
                Results of #{msgs.title} can be accessed programmatically through a  
                <a href="#{msgs.restReference}" target="_blank">RESTful</a>
                Application Programming Interface (API), The #{msgs.title} API, which is described in this document. 
            </p>

            <h3>Version</h3>
            The #{msgs.title} API follows
            <a href="#{msgs.semverReference}" target="_blank">Semantic Versioning</a> for its version numbers. The current API version number is #{msgs.apiversion}.         

            <ui:include src="resources.xhtml" />                        

            <ui:include src="represent.xhtml" />

            <h3>Base URI</h3>
            The base URI for Resource Identifiers, on this server, is  #{restRoot}

            <h3>Caching</h3>
            Currently the #{msgs.title} API does not support caching. However, future versions of the API will support caching mechanisms such as 
            Conditional GETs and Expiration Times.

            <h3>Authentication and Authorization</h3>
            Currently the API does not implement authentication or authorization. 
            <i>Note: Authentication mechanisms will be changed in future. So please be prepared to update you application.</i>
            
            <h3>Encryption</h3>
            Currently the API does not enforce encryption. However, once authentication is in place, #{msgs.title} API will force the use of HTTPS protocol; if HTTP is used, it will be redirected over to HTTPS. 

            <h3>CORS</h3>
            For security reasons, #{msgs.title} API does not support <a href="#{msgs.cors}" target="_blank">Cross-origin Resource Sharing</a> (CORS).

            <h3>Error Codes and Responses</h3>
            The #{msgs.title} API attempts to return appropriate <a href="#{msgs.httpCodes}" target="_blank">HTTP Status Codes</a> for each request.

            <ui:include src="api.xhtml" />

            <ui:include src="examples.xhtml" />

            <h3>References</h3>
            <ol>
                <li>
                    <a href='http://tinoweb.googlecode.com/files/O%27Reilly%20-RESTful.Web.Services.pdf' target="_blank">RESTful Web Services,</a>
                    Leonard Richardson and Sam Ruby, 2007.
                </li>
                <li>
                    <a href='https://www.ics.uci.edu/~fielding/pubs/dissertation/top.htm' target="_blank">
                        Architectural Styles and the Design of Network-based Software Architectures,</a> 
                    Roy Thomas Fielding, PhD Dissertation, 2000.
                </li>
            </ol>
        </div>
    </ui:define>

</ui:composition>